Updated UPGRADING.MD for v4 release (#254)
bugsnag/bugsnag-flutter: UPGRADING.MD

Upgrading
=========

## 3.x to 4.x

> ### Key points
> 
> - Added more flexibility when defining `redactedKeys` and `discardClasses` in `start` by changing their type to `Set<RegExp>`
> 
> ### Starting Bugsnag
> 
> Start accepts `Set<RegExp>` for `redactedKeys` and `discardClasses`. To specify them use:
> 
> ```dart
> bugsnag.start(
>   // other options
>   redactedKeys: {
>     RegExp('password'),
>     RegExp('^[A-Fa-f0-9]{16}\$', multiLine: true)
>   },
>   discardClasses: {
>     RegExp('sec', caseSensitive: false),
>   },
> );
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Key points

- The configuration options `discardClasses` and `redactedKeys` are now `RegExp`s instead of strings. This allows developers to have more control over how they perform. 

### Starting the client

`bugsnag.start` accepts `Set<RegExp>` for `redactedKeys` and `discardClasses`. To specify them use:

```dart
bugsnag.start(
  // ...
  redactedKeys: {
    RegExp('password'),
    RegExp('^[A-Fa-f0-9]{16}\$', multiLine: true)
  },
  discardClasses: {
    RegExp('sec', caseSensitive: false),
  },
  // ...
);
```
```
